= brio - CLI power tools for appdotnet

brio is a command line application for interfacing with appdotnet social network.

== Installation
You have to make sure that you have ruby installed, version 1.9.2 or 1.9.3 (the latest stable)

Note! For now it was tested only with RUby versions 1.9.2 and 1.9.3. It does not work on 1.8.7.

Once you've verified that Ruby is installed:
  
  gem install brio

== Troubleshooting

==== I am getting SSL errors, help!
If you are getting a similar message to this:

  SSL_connect returned=1 errno=0 state=SSLv3 read server certificate B: certificate verify failed on error;

you will need to install some openssl packages:

  $ rvm pkg install openssl  
  $ rvm reinstall 1.9.3 --with-openssl-dir=$rvm_path/usr


== Authorization
brio needs to be authorized with appdotnet to run. To proceed, type the following command at the prompt and follow the instructions:
  
  brio authorize

This command will direct you to a URL where you can sign-in to appdotnet, authorize the application, and then enter the returned auth token back into the terminal.

== Usage Examples
Typing *brio help* will list all the available commands. You can type *brio help COMMAND* to get help for a specific command.
  
  brio help

=== Retriving your stream
  brio stream
This will return your personalized stream

  brio stream -g
This returns global stream

By default brio returns 20 posts. appdotnet allows up to max 200 counts. You can set a flag *-c | --count* if you want to customize the number:
  brio stream -c16

You can also use them together:
  brio stream -gc50

=== Post Methods

==== Create a post
  brio post "Hey! I'm posting from the command line!"

==== Reply to a post
  brio post reply 12345 "hey, this is a reply!"
Note that we provided first the post id you are making a reply to, and then the message

==== Delete a post
  brio post delete 1234
You can only delete a post that you created

==== Repost a post
  brio post repost 1234

==== Delete a repost
  brio post repost --rm 1234

==== Star a post
  brio post star 1234

==== Delete a starred post
  brio post star --rm 1234

=== Get user infrormation
  brio whois @username
Username can be omitted and it will default to the currently authenticated user - you.

=== Follow a user
  brio follow @username

=== Stop following a user
  brio unfollow @username

=== List Methods
All the *list* subcommands can take an optional *count* flag. When provided, it will return an arbitrary number of listing. By default, brio returns last 20 items.

==== Mentions
  brio list mentions
This will list the posts that mention you.
  
  brio list mentions @username
This will list the posts that mention *username*

  brio list mentions -c10 @username
List last 10 menitons for *username*

==== Followers
  brio list followers @username
This will list people that follow *username*
You can also omit *username* and brio will list your followers. 

  brio list followers -c50
List my last 50 followers

==== Following
  brio list following
List people I follow.

  brio list following @username
List people that *username* is following.

==== Replies
  brio list replies 1234
List replies of a post with id 1234.
  
  brio list replies 1234 -c12
List last 12 replies for a post.

==== Posts
  brio list posts @username
List posts created by *username*

  brio list posts
List posts created by me (the current authenticated user).

  brio list posts -c15
List my last 15 posts. 

== Screenshots 

img:images/brio-help.png

img:images/brio-stream.png

img:images/brio-whois.png


== Copyright
See LICENSE[https://github.com/klaut/brio/blob/master/LICENSE.txt] for details.

